{ I have a vowel, does that mean I need big or small numbers for random number generator? }
Curly brace. I have a vowel, does that mean I need big or small numbers for random number generator? Curly brace.
{ I have a vowel, does that mean I need big or small numbers for random number generator? } Except there is a curly brace in the middle.
I have a vowel, does that mean { I need big or small numbers for random number generator?
I have a vowel, does that mean Curly brace. I need big or small numbers for random number generator?
I am voting for Bernie &.
I am voting for Bernie Ampersanders.
I am voting for Bernie &ers.
Actually, let's save this module for last so I can finish off the back of the bomb. In cryptography, I have a one.. two.. three.. four.. five.. six word sentence.
Actually, let's save this module for last so I can finish off the back of the bomb. In cryptography, I have a one. two.. three... four.... five..... six word sentence.
Actually, let's save this module for last so I can finish off the back of the bomb. In cryptography, I have a one... two... three... four... five... six word sentence.
Actually, let's save this\nmodule for last so I can\nfinish off the back of\nthe bomb. In\ncryptography, I have a\none.. two.. three..\nfour.. five.. six word\nsentence.SPLITBut there is an ellipses\nbetween each number.
Actually, let's save this\nmodule for last so I can\nfinish off the back of\nthe bomb. In cryptography\nI have a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6\nword sentence. There are\nalternating numbers and\nwords.
Actually, let's save this module for last so I can finish off the back of the bomb. In cryptography, I have a one.. two.. 3.. four.. five.. 6 word sentence.
What is Bugs Bunny's favorite food? A carrot.
What is Bugs Bunny's favorite food? A karot.
What is Bugs Bunny's favorite food? A ^.
We measure hashbrowns pound for pound.
We measure #browns # for #.
We measure #browns\npound for pound.
We measure hashbrowns # for #. 
We measure #browns # for #. Everything except the first pound is an ascii symbol.
We measure #browns # for #. Everything except the second and third hash is an ascii symbol.
I am voting for Pete Buttigieg
I am voting for Pete Boot-edge-edge
I am voting for Pete Boot-edge-ieg
I am voting for Pete Buddha-judge
I am voting for Pete Buddha-jej
I am voting for Pete Booty-jej
I am voting for Pete Butt-edge-edge
Hey, Michael, V-sauce here.
Hey! Michael. V-sauce here.
Hey. Michael, V-sauce here!
"Hey. Michael, V-sauce here."
"Howdy doody neighbor, it is I, Michaelangelo from V-Sauce."
Hey, Michael, V-sauce here. But is the red that I see the same red that you see?
Hi. Mike. Dental floss here.
Hey chump, this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, heh, what a nerd.
Hey chump, this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, ha, what a nerd.
Hey chump; this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, heh, what a nerd.
Hey chump; this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, ha, what a nerd.
Hey chump semi-colon this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, heh, what a nerd.
Hey chump, semi-colon ; this is Tanner from high school. Look at you trying to disarm bombs, heh, what a nerd.
I activate the spell card, Pot of Greed! This will allow me to draw two new cards!
I activate the magic card, Pot of Greed! This will allow me to draw two new cards!
I activate the spell card, Graceful charity! This will allow me to draw three new cards, as long as I discard two!
I activate the magic card, Graceful charity! This will allow me to draw three new cards, as long as I discard two!
I activate the trap card, Jar of Greed! This will allow me to draw one new card!
This might be a phrase from crazy talk.
This might be a phrase from original crazy talk.
This might be a phrase from regular crazy talk.
This might be a phrase from krazy talk.
This might be a phrase from insane talk.
This might be a phrase from insane talc with a c.
This might be a phrase from insane talc with a k.
Wait, this time the inputs above look like the buttons from simon screams.
Wait, this time the inputs above look like the buttons from simon selects.
Wait, this time the inputs above look like the buttons from simon simons.
Wait, this time the inputs above look like the buttons from simon sings.
Wait, this time the inputs above look like the buttons from simon cowell. 
Wait, this time the the inputs above look like the buttons from simon screams.
Wait, this time the the inputs above look like the buttons from simon selects.
Wait, this time the the inputs above look like the buttons from simon simons.
Wait, this time the the inputs above look like the buttons from simon sings.
Wait, this time the the inputs above look like the buttons from simon cowell.
Irish Wristwatch. But it repeats three times.
Irish Wristwatch. Irish wristwatch. Irish Wristwatch.
*clap clap* Quote: Irish Wristwatch. Irish wristwatch. Irish Wristwatch. End quote *clap clap*.
clap clap Quote: Irish Wristwatch. Irish wristwatch. Irish Wristwatch. End quote clap clap.
Irish Wristwatch. Irish wristwatch. Irish Wristwatch. The second wristwatch has a lowercase double u.
Irish Wristwatch. Irish wristwatch. Irish Wristwatch. The second wristwatch has a lowercase w.
6∑n=14n
Six Sigma n = 14 n
Six Sigma n = fourteen n.
Six ∑ n = end quote. Explanation, after the equals sign there is literally nothing.
6(Siglemiiiiiic)n=14n
You are now manually breathing.
You are now manually blinking.
Round the rough and rugged rock the ragged rascal rudely ran.
Round the rugged and rough rock the ragged rascal rudely ran.
Round the rough and rugged rock the raggedy rascal rudely ran.
Round the rugged and rough rock the raggedy rascal rudely ran.
What a to do to die today at a minute or two to two, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
What a to do to die today at a minute or to two to, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
What a to do to die today at a minute or two to two, a thing distinctly hard too say and harder still to do.
What a to do to die today at a minute or two to two, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still too do.
What a to do too die today at a minute or two to two, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
What a two do to die today at a minute or two to two, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
What a two do to die today at a minute or two two two, a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
What a to do to die today at a minute or two to two; a thing distinctly hard to say and harder still to do.
I'm not sure what went wrong, it says we're on stage one still.
I'm not sure why, but it says we're on stage two already.
I'm not sure why, but we're on stage three already.
Happy Leif Erikson Day! Hinga-dinga-durgen.
Happy Leaf Erikson Day! Hinga-dinga-durgen.
Happy Leif Ericson Day! Hinga-dinga-durgen.
Happy Leaf Erikson Day! Dinga-hinga-durgen.
Happy Leaf Erikson Day! Durgen-hinga-dinga.
Don't believe what the manual says, literally just press blue.
Don't believe what the manual says, literally just press green.
Don't believe what the manual says, literally just press red.
Don't believe what the manual says, literally just press yellow.
Don't believe what Manuel says, literally just press blue.
Don't believe what Manuel says, literally just press green.
Don't believe what Manuel says, literally just press red.
Don't believe what Manuel says, literally just press yellow.
Don't believe what the man in the well says, literally just press blue.
Don't believe what the man in the well says, literally just press green.
Don't believe what the man in the well says, literally just press red.
Don't believe what the man in the well says, literally just press yellow.
What do I do if the phrase starts with Bob says?
"There [are] *no* embell-ish-ments."""
"There [are] *zero* embell-ish-ments."""
"There [are] *zero* embell-ish-ments."" But there are three sets of quotes at the end.
There yesn't any embelishments. 
There yes not any embellishments.
Reminder that there is an Übermodule on this bomb.
Reminder that there is an Ubermodule on this bomb.
Reminder that I'm ordering from uber while we're on this bomb.
Yeah there's no way we have enough time for this bomb, want to reset?
In adventure game we are fighting a demon. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 5 strength, 3 dexterity, 7 intelligence.
In adventure game we are fighting a demon. We have the broadest of swords, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 5 strength, 3 dexterity, 7 intelligence.
In adventure game we are fighting a dragon. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 5 strength, 3 dexterity, 7 intelligence.
In adventure game we are fighting a demon. We have a broad sword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 5 strength, 3 dexterity, 7 intelligence.
In adventure game we are fighting a demon. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have five strength, three dexterity, seven intelligence.
In adventure game we are fighting a demon. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 5 str, 3 dex, 7 int.
In adventure game we are fighting a g'nome. We have a broadsword, a gnasty gnife, and a magic g'norb. We have 5 strength, 3 dexterity, 7 intelligence.
In adventure game we are g'not fighting a g'nelf. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. We have 420 strength, 420 dexterity, and dude, weed lmao.
I'm about to end this bomb defuser's whole career.
I'm about to end this bomb defuser's hole career.
I'm about to end this bomb defuser's future job prospects.
I am partaking it as my responsibility to cease this bomb defuser's future job prospects.
I'm about to begin this bomb defuser's whole career. 
I'm about to yeet this bomb defuser's whole career.
Is the past tense of yeet; yeeted?
Is the past tense of yeet; yoted?
Master Chief just walked by several mongoose.
Master Chief just walked by several mongeese.
Master Chief just walked by several mongooses.
Master Chief just walked by several mongi.
Master Chief just walked by several mongeeses.
Welcome to Who's Module Is It Anyway, where everything is made up and the strikes don't matter.
PPAP: Pen, Pineapple, Apple, Pen.
PPAP: Pen, Pine-apple, Apple, Pen.
PPAP: Pen, Pen, Apple, Pen.
PPAP: Pen, Pen-apple, Apple, Pen.
PPAP: Pen, Pineapple, Apple, Penn and Teller
Aurora Borealis!? At this time of year, at this time of day, at this part of the country, localized entirely within your kitchen?!
Aurora Borealis!? During this time of year, during this time of day, at this part of the country, localized entirely within your kitchen?!
Aurora Borealis!? At this time of year, at this time of day, at this part of the country, centralized entirely within your kitchen?!
Hello, my name is Coyote Peterson, and today I'm about to enter the strike zone of the Alligator Snapping Turtle.
Hello, my name is Coyote Peterson, and today I'm about to enter the sting zone of the Bullet Ant.
Hello, my name is Coyote Peterson, and today I'm about to enter the sting zone of Donald Trump's wig.
But that's just a theory, a GAME theory. Thanks for watching.
But that's just a query, a GAME query. Thanks for watching.
But that's just a Siri, my IPHONE Siri. Thanks for watching.
Hey Siri, how do I disarm this module?
Hey Alexa, how do I disarm this module?
Hey Cortana, how do I disarm this module?
Hey, can you pass me a beer?
Hey, can you pass me a root beer?
Hey, can you pass me a beer^2?
Hey, can you pass me a √beer?
Hey, can you pass me a square root beer?
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Bears. Beats. Battlestar Galactica.
Beets. Bears. Battlestar Galactica.
Beats. Bears. Battlestar Galactica.
They took our jobs!
They took err jerbs!
Dey terker deeeerbs!
THEYTUKURJUUUURBS!
I'm not your friend, buddy.
I'm not your buddy, friend.
I'm not your friend, guy.
I'm not your guy, buddy.
Quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble.
Quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble.
Quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quik and nimble and quick and nimble.
Bro, why don't you just, like, throw this bomb into the ocean and run away? Are you dense?
Bruh, why don't you just, like, throw this bomb into the ocean and run away? Are you dense?
シャルル
Charles
Charles, but the name is written in Japanese.
Charles, but the name is written in Romanji.
Charles, but the name is written in ローマ字.
Charles, pero escrito en japonés.
In the game arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in 5 years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the card game arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in 5 years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the game Arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in 5 years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the game arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, returning in 5 years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the game arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in five years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the game arboretum, tie breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in 5 years, and seeing which one grew taller.
In the game arboretum, tie-breakers are decided by each player planting a tree, coming back in 5 years, and seeing which one grew tallest.
"Firstly; If and only if this phrase has three ['or more'] embellishments, you should ignore what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
If and only if this phrase has three or more embellishments, you should ignore what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
"Firstly; If and only if this phrase has three ['or more'] embellishments, you should not ignore what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
If and only if this phrase has three or more embellishments, you should not ignore what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
"Firstly; If and only if this phrase has three ['or more'] embellishments, you should not not believe what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
If and only if this phrase has three or more embellishments, you should not not believe what the manual says and click the blue button." End quote.
Simon says click on the green button if the last digit of your serial number is odd, otherwise click red.
Simon says click on the green button if the last digit of your serial number is even, otherwise click red.
Simon says click on the yellow button three times in quick succession if the third and sixth digits of your serial number are numbers rather than letters.
Simon says click on the yellow button three times in quack succession if the third and sixth digits of your serial number are numbers rather than letters.
I am a real human named Simon that has been trapped within the data of this videogame. Do NOT believe the manual! Please just press and immediately release the red button to free me.
Loser says...
Loser says what? 
Loser says what? What.
Loser says loser says what what?
fourwordsalluppercase
ONE WORD ALL\nUPPERCASE
FOUR WORDS ALL\nUPPERCASE
onewordalllowercase
fourwordsalluppercase, Explanation, the phrase fourwordsalluppercase is indeed four words, but they are all written in lowercase.
fourwordsalluppercase, Explanation, the phrase four words all uppercase is indeed four words, but they are all written in lowercase.
forwardsalluppercase
ONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE,\nExplanation, the phrase\nONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE is indeed\none word, but they are all\nwritten in uppercase.
fourwordsalluppercase, Explanation, the word fourwordsalluppercase is actually one word written in lowercase.
ONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE,\nExplanation, the phrase\nONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE is actually\nfour words all written\nin uppercase.
ONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE,\nExplanation, the phrase\nONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE is actually\nfour words all written\nin UPPERCASE.
ONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE,\nExplanation, the phrase\nONE WORD ALL\nLOWERCASE is actually\nfour words all written\nin UPPERCASE.SPLITThe final uppercase\nI just said is also\nwritten in uppercase.
It's saying to disregard the phrase and to just use row 80 for the input, whatever that means.
Its saying to disregard the phrase and to just use row 80 for the input, whatever that means.
It's saying to disregard the phrase and to just use row 81 for the output, whatever that means.
It's saying to disregard the phrase and to just use row 81 for the output, hwatever that means.
I'm blue, if I was green I would die.
I'm blue, aba di aba die.
I am not blue nor green aba di aba die, to be frank I could even be yellow.
I am not blue nor green abadi abadi, to be frank I could even be yellow.
I'm blue, abadi abadi.
If there is a parallel port on your expert's face, their name is Bob, and they were born in an even numbered month, press yellow three times in quick succession.
For once I am not lying to you, column 1 is red, column 2 is red, column 3 is green, and column 4 is green. 
I am about to lie to you, column 1 is yellow, column 2 is yellow, column 3 is green, and column 4 is red. 
For once I am not lying to you, column 1 is red, column 2 is red, column 3 is blue, and column 4 is green. 
I am about to lie to you, column 1 is yellow, column 2 is yellow, column 3 is blue, and column 4 is red. 
Simon says, press the buttons below as if you were following the rules of the vanilla simon says module.
Stacia
Stacy-uh
Stacya
Staysea-uh
Staycia
Stan from the CIA.
This bomb? I protec. You? I attak. Once you get three strikes, your screen will go blak.
This bomb? I protect. You? I attack. Once you get three strikes, your screen will go black.
This bomb? I protec. You? I attak. Once you get three strikes, you'r screen will go blak.
This bomb? I protect. You? I attack. Once you get three strikes, you'r screen will go black.
This bomb? I protec. You? I attak. Once you get three strikes, you''''''''r screen will go blak.
This bomb? I protect. You? I attack. Once you get three strikes, you'''''r screen will go black.
This bomb? I protec. You? I attak. Once you get three strikes, your screen will go blak.But there are many appostraphes in the word your.
Hello potion seller. I’m going into battle and I want your strongest potions.
My potions are too strong for you, traveller.
Potion seller, I tell you, I’m going into battle and I want only your strongest potions.
You can’t handle my potions, they are too strong for you.
Why won’t you trust me with your strongest potions, potion seller? I need them if I’m to be successful in the battle
You can’t handle my strongest potions. No one can, my strongest potions aren't fit for a beast, let alone a man.
You have had your say, potion seller, but I’ll have mine. You’re a rascal; you’re a rascal with no respect for the knights, no respect for anything except your potions.
Why respect the knights, when my potions can do anything that you can?
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Buffalo buffalo bufalo buffalo bufffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
The rat ate the malt.
The rat the cat killed ate the malt.
The rat the cat the dog chased killed ate the malt.
The rat the cat the dog the werewolf howled at chased killed ate the malt.
The rat the cat the dog the werewolf the silver bullet pierced howled at chased killed ate the malt.
"This exceeding trifling\nwitling, considering\nranting criticizing\nconcerning adopting\nfitting wording being\nexhibiting transcending\nlearning, was displaying,\nnotwithstandingSPLITridiculing, surpassing\nboasting swelling\nreasoning, respecting\ncorrecting erring writing,\nand touching detecting\ndeceiving arguing during\ndebating."
"This exceeding trifling\nwitling, considering\nranting criticizing\nconcerning adopting\nfitting wording being\nexhibiting transcending\nlearning was displaying,\nnotwithstandingSPLITridiculing, surpassing\nboasting swelling\nreasoning, respecting\ncorrecting erring writing,\nand touching detecting\ndeceiving arguing during\ndebating."
"This exceeding trifling\nwitling, considering\nranting criticizing\nconcerning adopting\nfitting wording being\nexhibiting transcending\nlearning was displaying,\nnotwithstandingSPLITridiculing, surpassing,\nboasting swelling\nreasoning, respecting\ncorrecting erring writing,\nand touching detecting\ndeceiving arguing during\ndebating."
-..  ..-  -..  .      .--  .  .  -..      .-..  --  .-  ---     
-..  ..-  -..  .    Dot dash dash\nspace dot space\ndot space dash dot dot\npause. Dot dash dot dot\nspace dash dash space dot\ndash space dash dash\ndash end.
-..  ..-  -..  .    Dot dash dash space dot pace dot space door-dash dot dot pause. Dot dash dot dot space dash dash space dot dash space dash dash dash end.
-..  ..-  -..  .    Dot dash dash space dot space dot space dash dot dot pause. Dot dash dot dot space dash dash space dot dash space sign up with dashlane end.
-..  ..-  -..  .      .--  .  .  -..      .-..  --  .-  --- But it's only in morse code.
-..  ..-  -..  .      .--  .  .  -..      .-..  --  .-  --- But it's mostly written out in words.
.--.  .-.  .  ...  ...      --.  .-.  .  .  -.
Laurel. Laurel. Laurel.
Yanny. Yanny. Yanny.
Yanny are you okay? Are you okay, Yanny?
The rooster flies over nest with egg in hand.
The rooster flies over nest with eggs in hand.
BOB, what the FRK?
Bob, what the FRK?
BOB, what the FRQ?
Bob, what the FRQ?
Now this is a story all about how my life got flip turned upside down.
.nwod edispu denrut pilf tog efil ym woh tuoba lla yrots a si siht woN
Noʍ ʇɥᴉs ᴉs ɐ sʇoɹʎ ɐll ɐqonʇ ɥoʍ ɯʎ lᴉɟǝ ƃoʇ ɟlᴉd ʇnɹuǝp ndsᴉpǝ poʍu˙
˙uʍop ǝpᴉsdn pǝuɹnʇ dᴉlɟ ʇoƃ ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ ʍoɥ ʇnoqɐ llɐ ʎɹoʇs ɐ sᴉ sᴉɥʇ ʍoN
The second character in the serial number is an M.
The second character in the serial number is an N.
The second character in the serial number is an M. M as in Mancy.
The second character in the serial number is an N. N as in Narvel vs. Capcom.
Don't be racist, I am a building.
Don't be sexist, I am a building.
Do not be racist, I am a building.
Do not be sexist, I am a building.
Dont be racist, I am a building.
Dont be sexist, I am a building.
Do ' not be racist, I am a building.
Do ' not be sexist, I am a building.
Don't be racist, I am a building. There is an apostrophe in "don't".
Dont be racist, I am a building. There is an apostrophee in "don't".
Don't be racist, I am a building. There is an apostrophe in "don't"
Don't be racist, I am a building. There is an apostrophee in "don't". But the sentence is missing a period.
Don't be racist, I am a building. There is an apostrophee in "don't". But the sentence is missing a period
Don't be racist, I am a building... There is an apostrophe in "don't". But the sentence is missing a period.
Oh my god what the hell?!\nWhats going on?? What?\nOh my gosh... Coke are\nyou serious right now??!\nCOKE GAMINGGG\nWHATT??
Oh my god what the heck?!\nWhats going on?? What?\nOh my gosh... Coke are\nyou serious right now??!\nCOKE GAMINGGG\nWHATT??
Oh my gosh what the hell?! Whats going on?? What? Oh my god... Coke are you serious right now??! COKE GAMINGGG WHATT??
Oh my god what the hell?!\nWhats going on?? What?\nOh my gosh... Pepsi are\nyou serious right now??!\nPEPSI GAMINGGG\nWHATT??
Oh my god what the heck?!\nWhats going on?? What?\nOh my gosh... Pepsi are\nyou serious right now??!\nPEPSI GAMINGGG\nWHATT??
Oh my gosh what the hell?! Whats going on?? What? Oh my god... Pepsi are you serious right now??! PEPSI GAMINGGG WHATT??
You’re invited to the\ntwitch partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered boys--\nAHHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
You’re invited to the\ntwitch partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered boys--\nAHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
You’re invited to the\ntwitch partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered boys--\nAHHHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
You’re invited to the\ntwitch partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered lads--\nAHHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
You’re invited to the\nhitbox partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered boys--\nAHHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
You’re invited to the\nmixer partner program-\nHI i just got partnered!\nWe got partnered boys--\nAHHHHHHHHH.\nWHATTTT, COKE\nGAMING WHAT IS THIS,\nOMG THANK YOU!!!!!
Merry Halloween
Happy Christmas
The "miracle" never happen.
The "miracle" did happened.
The "miracle" eventually happen.
The "miracle" never happeneded.
PoPiPa PiPoPa PoPiPaPoPiPoPa!
PiPoPa PoPiPa PoPiPaPoPiPoPa!
PoPiPa PiPoPa PoPiPaPaPiPoPa!
PoPiPa PiPoPa PoPiPaPiPiPoPa!
PaPePiPu PaPiPePu PaPePiPuPo!
PaPiPePu PaPePiPu PaPePiPuPo!
PaPePiPu PiPoPa PoPiPaPePiPuPo!
PiPoPa PaPiPePu PoPiPaPiPiPoPa!
PaPePiPu PuyoPuyo PaPePuPiPa!
PoPiPa PaPiPePu PuyoPuyoPo!
Papa? Papa? PuyoPuyo Papa?
To disarm this bomb, I am going to request of you to go to the Walmart and purchase me four Walmart gift cards of $500 each.
To disarm this bomb, I am going to request of you to go to the Target and purchase me four Target gift cards of $500 each.
To disarm this bomb, I am going to request of you to go to the Best Buy and purchase me four Best Buy gift cards of $500 each.
To provide the fixations of this bomb, I am going to request of you to go to the Target and purchase me four Target gift cards of $500 each.
To disarm the each and everything, I am going to request of you to go to the Target and purchase me four Target gift cards of $500 each.
To disarm the each and everythings, I am going to request of you to go to the Target and purchase me four Target gift cards of $500 each.
If they ask you what these gift cards are for, just say it is for the personal purpose.
If they ask you what these gift cards are for, just say it is for the personal porpoise.
NO!!! Ma'am, you were supposed to give ME the gift cards!!! You mother toad........
NO!!! Ma'am, you were supposed to give ME the gift cards!!! You brother toad........
NO!!! Sir, you were supposed to give ME the gift cards!!! You mother toad........
NO!!! Sir, you were supposed to give ME the gift cards!!! You brother toad........
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyllgogery\nchwyrndrobwllllanty\nsiliogogogoch.
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyllgogery\nchwyrndrobwllllanty\nsiliogogogadgetgoch.
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyLlgogery\nchwyrndrobwllllanty\nsiliogogogoch.
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyllgo\njerrychwyrndrobwllllanty\nsiliogogogoch.
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyllgogery\nchwardrobewllllanty\nsiliogogogoch.
Just up the road from Llan\nfairpwllgwyngyllgogery\nchwyrndrobwllllantmany\nsiliogogogoch.
We started making this module an entire decade ago! A hurr durr durr.
We started making this module an entire decade ago! A durr hurr hurr.
We started making this module an entire decade ago! A durr hurr durr.
We started making this module an entire decade ago! A hurr durr hurr.
What even is that? A tinder cylinder?
What even is that? A tinder      cylinder?
What even is that? A tinder cylinder? But there is a blank space between tinder and cylinder.
What even is that? A tinder        cylinder? But there is a blank space between tinder and cylinder.
What even is that? A tinder cylinder? But there is a blank space between tinder        and        cylinder.
And now, the nations of the world, brought to you by Yakko Warner!
And now, the nations of the world, brought to you by Italy, Turkey, and Greece!
United States, Canada, Mexico, Panama, Haiti, Jamaica, Peru
United States, Canada, Mexico, Panama, Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Republic Dominican, Cuba, Caribbean, Greenland, El Salvador too
Republic Dominican, Cuba, Caribbean, Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Puerto Rico, Colombia, Venezuela, Honduras, Guyana, and still
Puerto Rico, Colombia, Venezuela, Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Guatemala, Bolivia, then Argentina, and Ecuador, Chile, Brazil
Guatemala, Bolivia, then Argentina, and Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Costa Rica, Belize,\nNicaragua, Bermuda,\nBahamas, Tobago,\nSan Juan
Costa Rica, Belize, Nicaragua, Bermuda, Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Paraguay, Uruguay, Suriname, and French Guiana, Barbados, and Guam
Paraguay, Uruguay, Suriname, and Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Norway and Sweden and Iceland and Finland and Germany now in one piece
Norway and Sweden and Iceland and Finland and Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Switzerland, Austria, Czechoslovakia, Italy, Turkey, and Greece
Switzerland, Austria, Czechoslovakia, - oh this is actually where Italy, Turkey, and Greece goes.
Yo what up it's ya boi Simon here, be sure to check out my youtube channel and SMASH that like button.
Yo what up it's ya boi Simon here, be sure to check out my youtube channel and BOP that like button.
Yo what up it's ya boi Simon here, be sure to check out my youtube channel and like and subscribe!
Before we continue with the module, I would like to shout out a game called Raid: Shadow Legends, you might not have heard of it, but it is REVOLUTIONIZING the world of gaming.
Hey Ben, see ya.
Hey Ben. See ya.
Hey Ben - See ya.
Hello Ben, see you.
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prairie ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the praire ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prayrie ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prayre ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prairee ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prayree ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the praÍríe ya hear?
Howdy Ben, catch ya on the prairíe ya hear?
This is one of the "Howdy Ben" phrases, but the word prairie is spelled wrong.
This is one of the "Howdy Ben" phrases, but the word prairie is spelled correctly.
This is one of the "Howdy Ben" phrases, but the word prairee is spelled wrong.
This is one of the "Howdy Ben" phrases, but the word prairee is spelled correctly.
ONE PUUUUUUUUUUUU\nUUUUUUUUUUNCH
ONE PUUUUUUUUUUUU\nUUUUUUUUUUNCH\njuice to go, please.
The same thing we do every night, Pinky, try to take over the world!
The same thing we do every night, Bob, try to take over the  bomb!
I play Pokemon Go everyday, I play Pokemon Go.
I play Pokémon Go everyday, I play Pokémon Go.
I play Pokemón Go everyday, I play Pokemón Go.
I play Pokemon Gó everyday, I play Pokemon Gó.
I paint van Gogh everyday, I paint van Gogh.
I play the boardgame "Go" everyday, I play the boardgame "Go".
I listen to the Naruto opening "Go!!!" everyday, I listen to the Naruto opening "Go!!!"
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber 5 it's number 3,\nbut at number 4 it's\nnumber 5. Coming in at\nnumber 3 is number 4.\nComing in at 2 is\n3 again.SPLITAt number 1 there\ncan only be 1 number\n1, and that 1 number\nis number 2.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber 5 it's number 4,\nbut at number 4 it's\nnumber 3. Coming in at\nnumber 3 is number 5.\nComing in at 2 is\n4 again.SPLITAt number 1 there\ncan only be 1 number\n1, and that 1 number\nis number 2.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber 5 it's number 1,\nbut at number 4 it's\nnumber 1. Coming in at\nnumber 3 is number 1.\nComing in at 2 is\n1 again.SPLITAt number 1 there\ncan only be 1 number\n1, and that 1 number\nis number fiiiiiive.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber five it's number\nthree, but at number four\nit's number five. Coming\nin at number three is\nnumber four. Coming in\nat two is three again.SPLITAt number one there\ncan only be one number\none, and that one\nnumber is number two.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber five it's number 3,\nbut at number four it's\nnumber 5. Coming in at\nnumber three is number 4.\nComing in at two is 3 again.SPLITAt number one there\ncan only be 1 number\none, and that 1 number\nis number two.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber 5 it's number\nthree, but at number 4\nit's number five. Coming\nin at number 3 is number\nfour. Coming in at 2 is\nthree again.SPLITAt number 1 there can\nonly be one number 1,\nand that one number is\nnumber 2.
Top 5 numbers: At # 5 it's # 1, but at # 4 it's # 1. Coming in at # 3 is # 1. Coming in at 2 is 1 again. At # 1 there can only be 1 # 1, and that 1 # is # fiiiiiive.
Top 5 numbers: At\nnumber 5 it's number 1,\nbut at number 4 it's number\n1. Coming in at number 3\nis number 1. Coming in at\n2 is 1 again.SPLITAt number 1 there can\nonly be 1 number 1, and\nthat 1 number is a\ngoogolplex.
SIMON IS ALWAYS\nRIGHT, HIS BRAIN IS THE\nSIZE OF A HOUSE. I\nNEVER THINK FOR\nMYSELF, I JUST REPEAT\nWHAT THE GREAT\nSIMON SAYS.
SIMON IS ALWAYS\nRIGHT, HIS BRAIN IS THE\nSIZE OF A HOUSE. WE\nNEVER THINK FOR\nOURSELVES, WE JUST\nREPEAT WHAT THE\nGREAT SIMON SAYS.
THAT IS RIGHT I DID IT!\nI'D NEVER THOUGHT...\nARE YOU KIDDING ME!?\nTHAT'S RIGHT! Who do\nyou think you are? I AM.
THAT IS RIGHT I DID IT!\nI'D NEVER THOUGHT...\nARE YOU KIDDING ME?\nTHAT'S RIGHT! Who do\nyou think you are? I AM.
THAT IS RIGHT I DID IT!\nI'D NEVER THOUGHT...\nARE YOU KIDDING ME!?\nTHAT IS RIGHT! Who do\nyou think you are? I AM.
The event that just\noccurred is correct, and\nI have succeeded. I could\nnot have ever imagined...\nDoes thou jest? The event\nthat just occurred is\ncorrect.SPLITWhat is the personality\nthat you are attempting\nto replicate? The person\nin question is me.
Ano takegaki ni Mitake Ran tatekaketa.
Ano takegaki ni Mitake Ran\ntatekaketa no wa Moca ga\ntatekaketakatta kara Moca\nga tatekaketa.
Gio Gio! Golden wind!
Jo Jo! Golden wind!
Gio Gio! Golden weed!
Jo Jo! Golden weed!
Gio Gio! Roll the weed!
Jo Jo! Roll the weed!
The Temteam created Temtem to transform the pocket monster genre.
The Temtem team created Temtem to transform the pocket monster genre.
The TemtemTeam\ncreatemed Temtem to\ntemform the pocktem\nmontem genre.
Temmie in Temmie village loves to play Temtem, the game created by the Temteam which temformed the pocktem montem genre.
Chomama and Mama both belong to the Mama family.
Chomama mo mama mo\nMama no uchi Mama mo\nChomama mo Mama\nno uchi.
Runescape
Run escape
Rune Scape
Run Escape
Old School Run Escape
Wizard 101
Wizard101
WizardLOL
Wizard One oh One
Wizard 101 Dalmations
Wizard 1 oh 1
Wizard One 0 One
Wizard One o One
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13.
Dot Dot Dot a review by Axman 13.
"Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13." But without the dot after the words "Dot Dot Dot".
"Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13." But without the dot after the words "Dot Dot Dot"
""Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13." But without the dot after the words "Dot Dot Dot"." But without the dot after the clarification.
. . . A review by Axman13.
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axeman13.
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axeman13. Axe is spelled with an e.
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axeman13. Axe is spelled without an e.
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13. Axe is spelled with an e.
Dot Dot Dot. A review by Axman13. Axe is spelled without an e.
P.S. The only reason I am giving this a 1 is because the voices were pretty good. But that's it!
P.S. the only raisin im giving this a 1 is beacuase the voices where pretty good. but thats it!
P.S. the only reson im giving this a 1 is be a coo az the voices where pretty gud. but thats it!
P.S. the only reson im giving this a 1 is beacuase the voices where pretty good. but thats it!
Master Chef just walked by several mango.
Master Chef just walked by several mangos.
Master Chef just walked by several mangoes.
Master Chef just walked by several mangi.
Master Chef just walked by several mangoeses.
Simon says die.
"Start quote: Simon says die. End quote."
"Start quote: Simon says die. End quote..."
"Start quote: Simon says die. End quote..." But there is an ellipsis after the word quote.
"Start quote: Simon says die. End quote..." But there is an ellipsis after the word quote...
"Start quote: Simon says die. End quote..." But there is an ellipsis after the word quote... End quote."
Hey Patrick, I just thought of something funnier than 24....25!
Hey Patrick, I just thought of something funnier than 25....26!
Hey Patrick, I just thought of something funnier than 26....27!
Hey Patrick, I just thought of something funnier than 27....28!
Is there a possibly that I'm pegrent?
What is the best time to sex to be come pregnart?
It doesn't matter if it's Biden and Ukraine, or Buttigieg and Djibouti-- A Scandal that would, of course, be called "Dijigieg".
It doesn't matter if it's Biden and Ukraine, or Buttigieg and Djibouti-- A Scandal that would, of course, be called "Buttigieg-Ibouti".
What size syringe do you use for your SQL injection?
My hair gives me super strength! 
Hey Ben, Sia.
Hey Benjamin, Sia.
Hey Benny, Sia.
I activate the magic card, Pot of Greed! This will allow me to draw two new cards! And look who I just drew! Exodia.....
In adventure game we are fighting EXODIA. We have a broadsword, a nasty knife, and a magic orb. Our stats do not matter, all we can do is hide and avoid obliteration.
You put your left arm in,\nyou put your right arm\nout, you put your left\nleg in and you shake your\npot of greed all about.\nYou draw your last two\ncards and turn yourself\naround, Exodia o-blit-er-ate!
You're trapped, and the doors are all locked. You face the brothers, Para-Dox! This is not Zexal, there is no Utopia, but guess who we have? The Unstoppable Exodia!
Go fish, you say? Foolish, Yugi boy… While you might think that the objective of this game is to get RID of your hand, it doesn’t matter if you draw… THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA!!!
EARTH! FIRE! WIND!\nWATER! HEART! By your\npowers combined.. I AM..\nEXODIA! OBLITERATE!
What did Yugi say when he drew the five pieces of political evidence? EXODIA - WATERGATE!!!
What do you say to a five piece yugioh monster that has  become a judge? EXODIA! INCARCERATE! 
What do you say to a five piece yugioh monster that has become bilingual? EXODIA! COMMUNICATE! 
Oh Magic Conch, how can we solve this module? "Nothing."